				geneOrTranscript	nodeType	displayOrder	targetType	visible	visible	visible	
			eupath.owl#recordClassName	eupath.owl#geneOrTranscript	eupath.owl#nodeType	EUPATH_0000274	eupath.owl#targetType	eupath.owl#visible	eupath.owl#visible	eupath.owl#visible	
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByCompoundID			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByEcReaction			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByFoldChange			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByGeneID			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByMolecularFormula			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByMolecularWeight			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByPathway			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByPathwayID			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
CompoundQuestions.CompoundsByTextSearch			CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
EstQuestions.EstBySourceId			EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
EstQuestions.ESTsByGeneIDs			EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
EstQuestions.EstsByLibrary			EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
EstQuestions.EstsByLocation			EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
EstQuestions.EstsBySimilarity			EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
EstQuestions.EstsByWeightFilter			EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
EstQuestions.EstsWithGeneOverlap			EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GeneByLocusTag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GeneBySingleLocusTag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GeneByTranscriptID	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByBindingSiteFeature	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByCentromereProximity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByChIPchipPlasmo	http://edamontology.org/topic_3173	Epigenomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByEcNumber	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByEQTL_HaploGrpSimilarity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByEqtlProfileSimilarity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByEQTL_Segments	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByESTOverlap	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByExonCount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByExportPrediction	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByExpressionPercentile	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByGeneType	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByGoTerm	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByInterproDomain	http://edamontology.org/topic_3510	Protein sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByIsoelectricPoint	http://edamontology.org/topic_0123	Protein properties	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByLocation	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByMassSpec	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByMetabolicPathwayHagai	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByMetabolicPathwayIDKegg	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByMetabolicPathwayKegg	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByMolecularWeight	http://edamontology.org/topic_0123	Protein properties	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByMotifSearch	http://edamontology.org/topic_3510	Protein sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByMr4Reagents	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByNgsSnps	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByNonnuclearLocation	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByOldAnnotation	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByOrthologPattern	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByPdbSimilarity	http://edamontology.org/topic_2814	Protein Structure Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByProteinProteinInteraction	http://edamontology.org/topic_0128	Protein Interactions	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByReactionCompounds	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByRodentMalariaPhenotype	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesBySecondaryStructure	http://edamontology.org/topic_2814	Protein Structure Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesBySimilarity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3346	Sequence Search	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesBySnps	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesBySubcellularLocalization	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByTaxon	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByTelomereProximity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByTextSearch	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesByTransmembraneDomains	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesOrthologousToAGivenGene	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesWithEpitopes	http://edamontology.org/topic_3510	Protein sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesWithSignalPeptide	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesWithStructurePrediction	http://edamontology.org/topic_2814	Protein Structure Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesWithUpdatedAnnotation	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.GenesWithUserComments	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneQuestions.InternalGenesByEcNumber	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
GenomicSequenceQuestions.SequenceBySourceId			SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GenomicSequenceQuestions.SequenceByWeightFilter			SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GenomicSequenceQuestions.SequencesBySimilarity			SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GenomicSequenceQuestions.SequencesByTaxon			SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
InternalGeneDatasetQuestions.GenesByMicroarrayEvidence	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalGeneDatasetQuestions.GenesByQuantitativeProteomics	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalGeneDatasetQuestions.GenesByRNASeqEvidence	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByChIPchip	http://edamontology.org/topic_3173	Epigenomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByCompoundsTransform	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByMassSpecEvidence	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByMetabolicPathway	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByMissingTranscriptsTransform			TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByOrthologs	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByPathwaysTransform	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
InternalQuestions.GenesByProteinStructure	http://edamontology.org/topic_2814	Protein Structure Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		search	menu			
IsolateQuestions.IsolateByCountry			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolateByHost			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolateByIsolateId			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolateByIsolationSource			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolateByProduct			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolateByStudy			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolateByTaxon			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolatesBySimilarity			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolatesByTextSearch			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
IsolateQuestions.IsolatesByWeightFilter			IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
OrfQuestions.OrfByOrfId			OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
OrfQuestions.OrfsByLocation			OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
OrfQuestions.OrfsByMotifSearch			OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
OrfQuestions.OrfsBySimilarity			OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
OrfQuestions.OrfsByWeightFilter			OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
PathwayQuestions.PathwaysByCompoundIds			PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
PathwayQuestions.PathwaysByCompounds			PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
PathwayQuestions.PathwaysByGeneIds			PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
PathwayQuestions.PathwaysByGeneList			PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
PathwayQuestions.PathwaysByIdentifierList			PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
PathwayQuestions.PathwaysByPathwayID			PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
PathwayQuestions.PathwaysByWeightFilter			PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpChipQuestions.SnpBySourceId			SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpChipQuestions.SnpsByGeneId			SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpChipQuestions.SnpsByIsolatePattern			SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpChipQuestions.SnpsByLocation			SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpChipQuestions.SnpsByStrain			SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpChipQuestions.SnpsByWeightFilter			SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpQuestions.NgsSnpBySourceId			SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpQuestions.NgsSnpsByGeneIds			SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpQuestions.NgsSnpsByIsolateGroup			SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpQuestions.NgsSnpsByLocation			SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SnpQuestions.NgsSnpsByTwoIsolateGroups			SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.DynSpansByEQTLtoGenes			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.DynSpansByMotifSearch			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.DynSpansBySourceId			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.DynSpansBySpanLogic			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.DynSpansByWeightFilter			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.GenesBySpanLogic			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.OrfsBySpanLogic			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.SnpsBySpanLogic			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
SpanQuestions.SnpsChipsBySpanLogic			DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		search	menu	webservice		
GeneTranscripts	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Transcripts
ECNumbers	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	EC Numbers
ProteinSequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2976	Protin Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Protein Sequence
MercatorTable	http://edamontology.org/topic_0797	Comparative Genomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Retrieve multiple sequence alignment or multi-FASTA
ExpressionGraphs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Transcript Expression
InterPro	http://edamontology.org/topic_3510	Protein sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	InterPro Domains
TMHMM	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Transmembrane Domains
LowComplexity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Low Complexity Regions
SignalP	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Signal Peptide
GeneLocation	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Gene Location
Plasmo_eQTL_Table	http://edamontology.org/topic_3298	Phenomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Regions/Spans associated by eQTL experiment on HB3 x DD2 progeny (LOD cut off = 1.5)
UserComments	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	User Comments
EcNumber	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	EC Number
MassSpec	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Mass Spec.-based Expression Evidence
MassSpecDownload	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Mass Spec. peptides
MassSpecMod	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Post Translational Modifications
GOTerms	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	GO Terms
gene_Y2hInteractions	http://edamontology.org/topic_0128	Protein Interactions	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Y2H Interactions
gene_Orthologs	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Orthologs and Paralogs within PlasmoDB
MetabolicPathwaysMPMP	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Malaria Parasite Metabolic Pathways (MPMP)
MetabolicPathways	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Metabolic Pathways
Alias	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Names, Previous Identifiers, and Aliases
Strains	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Strains summary
PubMed	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	PubMed
GeneLinkouts	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	External Links
3dPreds	http://edamontology.org/topic_2814	Protein Structure Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	3D Structure Predictions
PdbSimilarities	http://edamontology.org/topic_2814	Protein Structure Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Similarities to Protein Data Bank (PDB) Chains
Epitopes	http://edamontology.org/topic_3510	Protein sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Epitopes from IEDB
Product	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Product
AlternateProducts	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Alternate Product Descriptions
GeneId	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		GeneId
GeneGffAliases	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table				Aliases
GeneGffGoTerms	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table				GO Terms
GeneGffDbxrefs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Gene Exons
GenBankLocations	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		GenBank Gene Related Locations
CompoundsMetabolicPathways	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Metabolic Pathway Reactions
Publications	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute				Publications
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute				Overview
snpoverview	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute				SNP Overview
gbrowseLink	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute				gbrowseLink
GBrowse	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		GBrowse
transcript_link	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Transcript ID
gene_source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Gene ID
sequence_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Genomic Sequence ID
chromosome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Chromosome
gene_product	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Product Description
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Organism
gene_type	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Gene Type
location_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Genomic Location
gene_name	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Gene Name or Symbol
gene_exon_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	# Exons in Gene
is_pseudo	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Is Pseudo
gene_transcript_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	# Transcripts
is_deprecated	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute				Deprecated?
gene_ortholog_number	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Ortholog count
gene_paralog_number	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Paralog count
gene_orthomcl_name	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Ortholog Group
orthomcl_link	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Ortholog Group
gene_total_hts_snps	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Total SNPs All Strains
gene_hts_nonsynonymous_snps	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	NonSynonymous SNPs All Strains
gene_hts_synonymous_snps	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Synonymous SNPs All Strains
gene_hts_noncoding_snps	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Non-Coding SNPs All Strains
gene_hts_stop_codon_snps	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	SNPs with Stop Codons All Strains
gene_hts_nonsyn_syn_ratio	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	NonSyn/Syn SNP Ratio All Strains
gene_uniprot_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	UniProt ID
gene_uniprot_id_internal	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute				UniProt ID
uniprot_link	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		UniProt ID
gene_entrez_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Entrez Gene ID
gene_entrez_link	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Entrez Gene ID
transcript_product	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Transcript Product Description
transcript_length	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Transcript Length
exon_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	# Exons in Transcript
strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Gene Strand
protein_length	http://edamontology.org/topic_0123	Protein properties	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Protein Length
tm_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	# TM Domains
molecular_weight	http://edamontology.org/topic_0123	Protein properties	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Molecular Weight
isoelectric_point	http://edamontology.org/topic_0123	Protein properties	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Isoelectric Point
signalp_scores	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	SignalP Scores
signalp_peptide	http://edamontology.org/topic_0140	Protein targeting and localization	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	SignalP Peptide
annotated_go_function	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Annotated GO Functions
annotated_go_process	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Annotated GO Processes
annotated_go_component	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Annotated GO Components
predicted_go_function	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted GO Functions
predicted_go_process	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted GO Processes
predicted_go_component	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted GO Components
annotated_go_id_function	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Annotated GO Function IDs
annotated_go_id_process	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Annotated GO Process IDs
annotated_go_id_component	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Annotated GO Component IDs
predicted_go_id_function	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted GO Function IDs
predicted_go_id_process	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted GO Process IDs
predicted_go_id_component	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted GO Component IDs
ec_numbers	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	EC numbers
ec_numbers_derived	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	EC numbers from OrthoMCL
gene_previous_ids	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Previous ID(s)
transcripts_found_per_gene	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	# Transcripts that Met Search Criteria
transcript_index_per_gene	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Transcript local index
has_missing_transcripts	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Gene has Unmatched Transcripts
transcript_sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Predicted RNA/mRNA Sequence (introns spliced out)
fasta_transcript_sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted RNA/mRNA Sequence
protein_sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2976	Protein Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Predicted Protein Sequence
fasta_protein_sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2976	Protein Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Predicted Protein Sequence
cds	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Coding Sequence
fasta_cds_sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	TranscriptRecordClasses.TranscriptRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Coding Sequence
Genes	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Genes
ORFs	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	ORFs
SNPs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	SNPs
ESTs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	EST Alignments
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Segment ID
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Overview
otherInfo	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Retrieve Sequence
seq_source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Genomic Sequence ID
start_min	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Start
end_max	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	End
strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Strand
length	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Length
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Organism
location_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	DynSpanRecordClasses.DynSpanRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Genomic Location
GenomeSequencingAndAnnotationAttribution	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Genome Sequencing and Annotation
GeneModel	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Gene Model Sequence
SequencePieces	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Genomic Assembly
Aliases	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Previous Identifiers and Aliases
Centromere	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Centromere
SequenceComments	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	User Comments
Repeats	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Repeats
TandemRepeats	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Tandem Repeats
LowComplexity	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Low Complexity
MercatorTable	http://edamontology.org/topic_0797	Comparative Genomics	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Multiple Sequence Alignment
SequenceGffDbxrefs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Sequence DbXrefs
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Sequence ID
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Overview
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Organism
GenbankRecord	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		GenbankRecord
dnaContext	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Features
GBrowse	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Genome Browser
otherInfo	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Retrieve Sequence
chromosome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Chromosome
a_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	A Count
c_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	C Count
g_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	G Count
t_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	T Count
other_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Other Count
formatted_length	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Length
at_percent	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	AT Percent
organism_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Organism
chromosome_order_num	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Chromosome Number
formatted_organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Organism
sequence_description	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Description
genbank_accession	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	GenBank
sequence_type	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Sequence Type
has_msa	http://edamontology.org/topic_0797	Comparative Genomics	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Has MSA
gene_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Gene Count
is_annotated	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Is Annotated
release_policy	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	SequenceRecordClasses.SequenceRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Release Policy
ReferenceInfo	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Reference
AlignmentInfo	http://edamontology.org/topic_0797	Comparative Genomics	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Alignments to genomic sequence
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	EST Id
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Organism
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Overview
source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute				Accession
a_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute				a_count
c_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute				c_count
g_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute				g_count
t_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute				t_count
other_count	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute				other_count
length	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Length
dbest_name	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Library
vector	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Vector
stage	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Stage
organism_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Organism
formatted_organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute				Organism
ncbi_tax_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	NCBI taxon
sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	EstRecordClasses.EstRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Sequence
Reference	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Reference
GeneOverlap	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Blast Similarity Alignments and Overlapping Genes
IsolateComments	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	User Comments
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Organism
description	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Description
product	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Product
strain	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Strain/Isolate Name
host	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Host
note	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Note
isolation_source	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Isolation Source
geographic_location	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Geographic Location
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Isolate Id
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Overview
source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results			source_id
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Organism
strain	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Strain/Isolate Name
specific_host	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Host
isolation_source	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Isolation Source
geographic_location	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Geographic Location
product	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Gene Product (Sequence Typed Only)
description	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Description
note	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Note
sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	IsolateRecordClasses.IsolateRecordClass		individual		attribute		record	reportmaker	DNA Sequence
Locations	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Orf Location
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	ORF Id
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Organism
orf_location_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Location
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute				Overview
gbrowseTracks	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute				gbrowseTracks
source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		source_id
nas_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Sequence ID
orf_start	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	orf_start
orf_end	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	orf_end
orf_start_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Start
orf_end_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	End
orf_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Strand
length	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Length
organism_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Organism
formatted_organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Organism
sequence	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	OrfRecordClasses.OrfRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Sequence
CompoundsMetabolicPathways	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Metabolic Pathway Reactions
PathwayGraphs	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Internal Pathway Graphs
ECNumberOrganismMap	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Ec Number Coordinate Map
CompoundLabel	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Compounds Coordinates
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Pathway Id
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Overview
pathway_source	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Pathway Source
description	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Pathway
total_enzyme_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Total Pathway Enzymes
total_compound_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	PathwayRecordClasses.PathwayRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Total Pathway Compounds
HTSStrains	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Strains
AlleleCount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Allele Count
ProductCount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Product Count
Providers_other_SNPs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Other SNPs at this location
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	SNP Id
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Organism
snp_overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute				SNP Genomic Overview
gene_context	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute				Gene Context
seq_source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute				Chromosome
location_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	location_text
snp_location	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Location
chromosome_order_num	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Chromosome
location	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Position
reference_strain	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute				Reference Strain
reference_na	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute				Reference NA
reference_aa	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute				Reference AA
lflank	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Left Flank
allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Reference Allele
rflank	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Right Flank
gene_source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Gene ID
linkedGeneId	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Gene ID
gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Gene strand
is_coding	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Coding
position_in_CDS	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Position in CDS
position_in_protein	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Position in protein
has_nonsynonymous_allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Has Non-synonymous
lflank_gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Left Flank (gene strand)
allele_gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Reference Allele (gene strand)
rflank_gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Right Flank (gene strand)
major_allele_frequency	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Major Allele Frequency
minor_allele_frequency	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Minor Allele Frequency
distinct_strain_count	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Strain Count
major_allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Major Allele
minor_allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Minor Allele
major_product	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Major Product
minor_product	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Minor Product
organism_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Organism
formatted_organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Organism
ncbi_tax_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpRecordClasses.SnpRecordClass		individual		attribute				NCBI Taxon ID
Strains	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Strains (Sequence Typed Isolates)
StrainsWithMetaData	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Strains (Sequence Typed Isolates)
OtherSNPs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Other SNPs at this location
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_3345	Data identity and mapping	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	SNP Id
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Organism
snp_overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				SNP Genomic Overview
gene_context	http://edamontology.org/topic_3511	Nucleic acid sites, features and motifs	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				Gene Context
type	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				Type
seq_source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				Chromosome
start_min_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	start_min_text
snp_location	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Location
chromosome_order_num	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Chromosome
start_min	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Position
reference_strain	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				Reference Strain
reference_na	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				Reference NA
reference_aa	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				Reference AA
lflank	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Left Flank
allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Reference Allele
rflank	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Right Flank
gene_source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Gene ID
linkedGeneId	http://edamontology.org/topic_0622	Genomics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Gene ID
gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Gene strand
is_coding	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Coding
position_in_CDS	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Position in CDS
position_in_protein	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Position in protein
has_nonsynonymous_allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Has Non-synonymous
lflank_gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Left Flank (gene strand)
allele_gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Reference Allele (gene strand)
rflank_gene_strand	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Right Flank (gene strand)
major_allele_frequency	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	% Major Allele
minor_allele_frequency	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	% Minor Allele
major_allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Major Allele
major_product	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Major Product
minor_allele	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Minor Allele
minor_product	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Minor Product
organism_text	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Organism
formatted_organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Organism
ncbi_tax_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	SnpChipRecordClasses.SnpChipRecordClass		individual		attribute				NCBI Taxon ID
Properties	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Compound Properties
IupacNames	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	IUPAC Names
Synonyms	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Compound Synonyms
CompoundsMetabolicPathways	http://edamontology.org/topic_0753	Metabolic Pathways	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Metabolic Pathway Reactions
MassSpecGraphs	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Internal Mass Spec Graphs
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	ChEBI ID
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Overview
source_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Compound
definition	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Definition
secondary_ids	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Secondary ChEBI IDs
name	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Compound Name
synonyms	http://edamontology.org/topic_3172	Metabolomics	CompoundRecordClasses.CompoundRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Synonyms
SequenceCounts	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Sequence types
GeneCounts	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Gene types
GenomeSequencingAndAnnotationAttribution	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Genome Sequencing and Annotation
primary_key	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Organism
overview	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute		record		Overview
URLGenomeFasta	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Fasta Download Link
URLgff	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	GFF Download Link
URLgene	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Gene Details Download Link
strain	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				strain
genecount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	All genes
genecount_number	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				genecount_number
codinggenecount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Prot genes
pseudogenecount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	All pseudo -genes
othergenecount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Non prot genes
ecnumbercount	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	EC#
gocount	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	GO terms
isolatecount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Isolates
rnaseqcount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	RNA Seq
chipchipgenecount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3173	Epigenomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	ChIP chip
rtpcrcount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	RT- PCR
estcount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	ESTs
snpcount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	SNPs
orthologcount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Ortho logs
arraygenecount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Micro arrays
proteomicscount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Prote omics
tfbscount	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	TFBS
communitycount	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Comm unity entries
organism_name	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				organism_name
species	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				species
is_annotated_genome	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Is annotated
is_reference_strain	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Is Reference Strain
organism	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Organism
ncbi_tax_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	NCBI taxon ID
ncbi_taxon_url	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		NCBI taxon ID
data_source	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Data source
database_version	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Genome version
database_version_url	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Genome version
megabps	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Mega base Pairs
megabpsurl	http://edamontology.org/data_2977	Nucleic Acid Sequence	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Genome size (Mbp)
genecounturl	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Total gene count
isOrganellar_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				isOrganellar_flag
isOrganellar	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Organellar genome(s)
chipchip_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3173	Epigenomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				chipchip_flag
hasChipChip	http://edamontology.org/topic_3173	Epigenomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		ChIP chip
array_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				array_flag
hasArray	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Micro array
rtpcr_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				rtpcr_flag
hasRTPCR	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				RT-PCR
ortholog_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				ortholog_flag
hasOrtholog	http://edamontology.org/topic_0084	Phylogeny	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				Ortholog
community_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				community_flag
hasCommunity	http://edamontology.org/topic_0219	Curation and Annotation	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				Community
ec_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				ec_flag
hasEC	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				EC#
go_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				go_flag
hasGO	http://edamontology.org/topic_1775	Function Analysis	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				Ontology
tfbs_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				tfbs_flag
hasTFBS	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				TFBS site
rnaseq_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				rnaseq_flag
hasRNASeq	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		RNA Seq
est_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				est_flag
hasEST	http://edamontology.org/topic_3308	Transcriptomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		ESTs
snp_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				snp_flag
hasSNP	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		SNPs
proteomics_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				proteomics_flag
hasProteomics	http://edamontology.org/topic_0121	Proteomics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Prote omics
hasIsolate_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				hasIsolate_flag
hasIsolate	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Isolates
hasHTSIsolate_flag	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute				hasHTSIsolate_flag
hasHTSIsolate	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Genome -wide reseq
is_published	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Is published
release_policy	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	OrganismRecordClasses.OrganismRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	Release policy
primary_key			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetReleaseNotes		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Release Notes ID
release_notes_id	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetReleaseNotes		individual		attribute			reportmaker	release_notes_id
ExampleGraphs			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record		Example Graphs
Contacts	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Principal Investigator and Collaborators
Isolates	http://edamontology.org/topic_3056	Population Genetics	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Isolates / Samples
Publications	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Associated Publications
HyperLinks	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Link Outs
GenomeHistory			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Data Set Release History
References			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Searches that use this Data Set
Version	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		table	results	record	reportmaker	Provider's Version
primary_key			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Data Set Name
organism_prefix	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Organism (source or reference)
category			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record		Category
dataset_id			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute				dataset_id
dataset_name			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute				dataset_name
dataset_name_pattern			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute				dataset_name_pattern
display_name			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	display_name
short_display_name			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	short_display_name
description	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Description
protocol	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	protocol
usage	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	usage
caveat	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	caveat
acknowledgement	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	acknowledgement
is_species_scope	http://edamontology.org/topic_0637	Taxonomy	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	is_species_scope
build_number_introduced			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	build_number_introduced
type			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	type
eupath_release			DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Release # / Date
summary	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Summary
release_policy	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Release Policy
contact	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Contact
institution	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Contact Institution
short_attribution	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute			reportmaker	short_attribution
exp_technique	http://edamontology.org/topic_3068	Literature and Reference	DatasetRecordClasses.DatasetRecordClass		individual		attribute	results	record	reportmaker	Technology
